Update code examples to CRA new version (#19352)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/react_getting_started/index.md

```js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client';
import './index.css';
import App from './App';
import reportWebVitals from './reportWebVitals';

const root = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'))
root.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>
);

// If you want to start measuring perfomance in your app, pass a function
// to log results (for example: reportWebVitals(console.log))
// or send to an analytics endpoint. Learn more: https://bit.ly/CRA-vitals
reportWebVitals();
```

As with `App.js`, the file starts by importing all the JS modules and other assets it needs to run. `src/index.css` holds global styles that are applied to our whole app. We can also see our `App` component imported here; it is made available for import thanks to the `export` statement at the bottom of `App.js`.

> Line 7 calls React's `ReactDOM.createRoot()` function with argument - the DOM element inside which we want the component to be rendered, in this case the element with an ID of `root`. If you look inside `public/index.html`, you'll see that this is a `<div>` element just inside the `<body>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Line 7 calls React's `ReactDOM.createRoot()` function with one argument - the DOM element inside which we want the component to be rendered, in this case, the element with an ID of `root`. If you look inside `public/index.html`, you'll see that this is a `<div>` element just inside the `<body>`.
```

> Line 8 calls React's `root.render()` function with argument - the component we want to render, `<App />` in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Line 8 calls the `render()` method of the root we just created with one argument - the component we want to render, `<App />` in this case.
```

All of this tells React that we want to render our React application with the `App` component as the root, or first component.

> **Note:** In JSX, React components and HTML elements must have closing slashes. Writing just `<App>` or just `<img>` will cause an error.

> [reportWebVitals](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/measuring-performance/) are a set of useful metrics that aim to capture the user experience of a web page, but they're not in scope for this article. You can delete line 5, as well as most of the code below it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`reportWebVitals`](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/measuring-performance/) are a set of useful metrics that aim to capture the user experience of a web page, but they're not in scope for this article. You can delete its import line, as well as the `reportWebVitals();` line.
```

import './index.css';
import App from './App';

const root = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'))
root.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>

> );

Reviewer: Not very relevant but I really wonder why `React.StrictMode` went in the original text. For what it's worth, I really dislike teaching new learners with strict mode on — even experienced devs suffer with strict mode, now that they have double effects and stuff.

Reviewer 2: It comes with creating a new react app. I agree with you, you think it would be better if I remove these lines?

- Components can import modules they need and must export themselves at the bottom of their files.
- Component functions are named with `PascalCase`.
- You can read JSX variables by putting them between curly braces, like `{so}`.

> - Some JSX attributes are different than HTML attributes so that they don't conflict with JavaScript reserved words. For example, `class` in HTML translates to `className` in JSX. Note that multi-word attributes are `camelCased`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some JSX attributes are different than HTML attributes so that they don't conflict with JavaScript reserved words. For example, `class` in HTML translates to `className` in JSX. Note that multi-word attributes are camel-cased.
```

This is not code.

Reviewer 2: I know, if you look at 487 line there is: - Component functions are named with `PascalCase`.

Reviewer: In that case this should be "in `camelCase`". Using code typography here is an effort to mimic actual variables, so it should be a noun (as if it's a proper noun), instead of being part of the grammar.
